this is better than my imagination
that was very rare lucky bird house you
going huh - EJ
the Andrew
Andrew so anyway I get last pick the
only guy left is how he buckled her what
a jerk
he couldn't catch a football with a
bucket of glue how he's my cousin didn't
let me fit I'm here
your mom said we could find you around
here of course she didn't mention
altitude this is Tracy Tracy Andrew hi
hey there not bad well my next starting
to hurt oh right what were you doing up
there a favor for dr. J a bird project
he's working on I'd do him a favor he
does me a favor what do you do for you
it's a long story
bye yellow Warbler earlier really yeah I
used to birdwatch a lot with my dad
I loved it yeah I've got a kind of
passion for it myself
wonderful creatures birds
it's gonna be okay
just stay right there no Kirk does
anyone recall yes I don't think they're
gonna make it in time
all right Joanie
don't know Johnny don't worry okay
can I get your name
forget it forget it you're a hero
- 300k good slice and protocols one what
does my live it fight a lot of one bird
I see
Andrew you were supposed to be gathering
bird calls not doing in-depth interviews
with them I got sort of distracted
rather spectacularly it seems what do
you mean well I heard about your rescue
of that girl on the radio I haven't
counted on the press being there I take
it you weren't quite standing on the
bridge yellow Warbler really she was
right
who Kurtz Roland yeah he seemed pretty
bummed that I saved the day and he just
stood there good thing breach didn't
collapse while you were standing on it
a little difficult to explain hovering
in the air so what you gonna do with all
this stuff I'm isolating the alarm calls
of birds gonna put an album out I'm
hoping I can save their lives a lot of
farmers and shoot flock Siddiq their
seed crops with all these sounds and a
knowledge of a birds alarm call and that
is predator farmers will be able to
frighten the way instead why not just
record the sound of a shotgun blast
honey you might have been killed I
wasn't in any danger really people make
such a big deal out of things well I'm
very proud of you you would have done
the same thing if it had been your Erin
on the bridge yes but anybody else I
don't know
hi Gloria what's up everybody
there's the man I'm looking for sign
that formula personal comment boy how
Kirk doesn't see this
hang on mom Friday okay for her party -
fine I better start heading my makeup
now something from the heart like to
Lewis my inspiration and time of need
with admiration or something like that
which was a party hang on Gloria there's
a noise on the room it's a slumber party
it's for girls only come on how boys
it's not a party it's a meeting let's
forget about will compromise one boy
excuse me
let me give you some advice Andrew make
the mostess here of stuff while you're
hot cuz tomorrow nobody again
hey Tracy hi what's wrong you seen Kirk
today
no he skipped English it's been avoiding
me - what do you mean I think
something's wrong he's been acting
really weird just not himself
you okay I think I might be losing that
magic touch you'll get it back
yep be up there in no time this job on
that bridge no big deal I just acted
without thinking you know him I don't
all right what it done don't make a big
thing out of this look I felt like a
jerk okay
I'm standing there doing nothing well
this kid's mother is pleading for me to
help Kirk
there's something you don't know about
me I'm not like other people I know that
what do you mean you're just a
natural-born hero
I wasn't born one night I became that
way look if this is leading up to you
suggesting I send away for one of those
bodybuilding courses I'm out of here
Kirk you may be the best friend I've
ever had
it didn't used to be maybe before I went
out the other day you didn't wimp out in
and I had no courage uh-huh
I'm gonna tell you something but it's a
secret and you have to keep it that way
all right you've got to swear and do it
all the time all right
she's gonna shout a little strange but
you know I've never lied to you I didn't
have to worry about going out on that
bridge because
I have superpowers
you want to run that by me again I
possess super powers powers no other
human has that I know of
oh this is the best I gotta tell
everybody you crazy you can't tell
anyone
oh sorry what was I thinking thanks for
trying to cheer me up but I'm telling
the truth okay okay so what can you do
move mountains
Oh run cheetahs that sort of thing I
haven't outline any cheetahs yet but
yeah that sort of thing
III know it's hard no no the Tooth Fairy
is hard to believe this is
straightjacket time what can you do what
do you got x-ray vision invisibility
laser shooting fingers look you don't
believe me fine that's what I get for
confiding in you I'm just trying to be
reasonable prove it to me do something
super don't be an idiot I can't do
anything here Oh lost my head
look come over tonight we'll go
somewhere really won't be seen I'll
prove it to you
Thomasson bird conservation it's our
gonna love me well that's good cuz
you're gonna need something to cheer you
up
I don't like the sound of this maybe you
better sit down no experience has taught
me that when people say that they are
probably leading up to something that is
just gonna make you want to get right
back up on your feet again you may have
a point
I told Kirk I had superpowers I'm
relaxed now you can tell me you news I
think I better sit down I had to tell
him dr. J he was miserable you didn't by
any chance happen to demonstrate your
superpowers did you know thank God but
I'm going to Henry you can't do that
Kirk's lost all his confidence so how is
demonstrating your super powers gonna
help you'll know that when I saved that
little girl on the bridge I wasn't
taking any risk you should have talked
to me about this first I'm sorry to let
you down dr. J but I had to tell him
you're my best friend dr. G
but cookies too
what do you think mom start with back to
the future then move on to daughter
Frankenstein
whatever happened to giggling about boys
and doing each other's hair it's a new
age mom hi guys
Kurt great hi you can keep Andrew
company here this evening here yes I got
a call to show a client a couple of
houses tonight night appreciate it if
you'd ride shotgun on Aaron and the Wild
Bunch just throws it away kind of cuts
into my plans mark just a token of my
esteem mom we can't have males
babysitting our slumber party it's a new
age what's this about for it
Andrew and Kirk are not invited to the
party and neither in case I haven't made
clear so far
are you okay just babies expensive works
of art here just leave it here
yeah yeah yes it's a bit much to ask you
to demonstrate your superpowers into
slim inside hey just cool it all right
later you will see things to astound you
what do you think girls laugh at when
they get together like this boys Tracy's
probably at home right now with all her
friends laughing her head off about me
didn't give it a rest she likes you a
lot
I'm not so sure about her you're
homeless I'm trying to tell you why
don't you tell me your friend of Kirk's
Kirk's there is Darren living lots of
fun yeah I'm supposed to be babysitting
you you are but who's to say you have to
do it in my house hold up just a minute
kids what's going on we're x-raying the
bridge for stress fractures we're just
taking a shot right now
gravity's cool okay it's switched off
you can go
okay you guys turn your backs Lori's
coming out for something to drink
know what that's luck yeah why not why
don't you really make this party and fly
around the room what a surprise
well it was I do live here that she do
for some reason Lewis had this urge to
visit Angela Kirk yeah I'd gain see the
boys well that's too bad they just took
off a few minutes ago oh wow still here
anyway uh how did the pizzas go you know
I don't know if they've got to the math
I've been busy trying to each other's
pajamas
I just remembered I forgot a book here
we're out of here Louis good night mrs.
Clements night Tracy Louis you know
having these powers is often a great
burden oh I bet must be hard to know
what power to used to impress the girls
I've never done that I rest my case you
definitely don't have superpowers okay
guys you can go ahead now oh thanks
this is gonna take long prepare to be
amazed
uh huh Andrew Andrew I think this has
gone far enough in a few seconds you'll
see me high above you I'll sweep over
the sky and land right back here forget
it
okay you're a superhero I believe you
now get down okay relax where do you see
this
I don't know what happened you jumped
off a bridge jerk
I can't read you man
something must have gone wrong yeah
we'll figure it out later
what were you doing
that's a good question wait a minute
you made up this whole ridiculous
superpower story and nearly killed
yourself just to show me that I was as
brave as you are
yeah wait a sec folks
okay the x-rays switched off you can go
hey it's tres
x-rays hey what are you guys up to
you won't believe this but this guy
nothing much
we're just hanging out right Andrew
right well I gotta get the party boy
home see you later
hey yeah want to do something this
weekend yeah
hey man we could walk into home forget
it o'night Andrew
why didn't you tell her as long as I
know no sense bragging but it couldn't
hurt
hey you're right I'll probably tell it
superpowers yeah I should have tried
something more believable you what I was
with Kirk and I jumped off a bridge
so Kirk knows you have superpowers no
luckily an x-ray machine knocked my
powers out just before I jumped huh what
you killed
kirk saved me
he feels better now and now he doesn't
have to know I have superpowers man he
might as well think I made the whole
thing up
thank you for that flash of common sense
another stunt could have turned up
pretty ugly yeah jumping off a bridge
when you can't fly isn't fun
I can imagine believe me you can't you
know it's a good thing Kirk acted so
quickly otherwise youth give you you
might have been life smiling
Kirk turned out to be the real hero